[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
There, they found themselves
facing the New Fishman Pirates,
who were looking to destroy
the Ryugu Kingdom,
and instigated an all-out war.
[NARRATOR] After a long
and grueling battle,
Luffy finally defeated Hordy,
the captain of the
New Fishman Pirates,
thwarting their
plan for revenge.
There is still much you
do not know. Listen closely.
Before you reach the New
World, you must be aware of
two key changes that
have occurred there.
Now then, the first matter,
as I've already
begun to explain,
is that the Navy under
Fleet Admiral Sakazuki
is stronger than before.
And secondly...
...the Blackbeard Pirates are
making strides of their own.
[CARIBOU screams]
[thud]
[CARIBOU screaming]
[NAMI]
You idiots just had to
kick him into next
week, didn't you?
Why couldn't you just knock him
out and tie him up in the tower?
[ZORO, LUFFY scream]
Oh, Nami, you're so cute when--
[thudding]
[NAMI]
Go catch him and bring him back!
[ALL yelling]
They're here to
collect for Big Mom.
We can't face them now!
We don't have any sweets
for this month's payment.
Hordy and his lackeys
tore the factory apart.
And all the candy
we could salvage
was sent to the banquet so
the Straw Hats could enjoy it!
What should we do?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Hmm.
Something tells me
Big Mom of the Four Emperors
won't be satisfied
with an apology.
That woman would level an
entire country for sweets!
[LUFFY] "She Loves Sweets!
Big Mom of the Four Emperors!"
[NARRATOR]
After much celebration,
the banquet finally
comes to an end.
[USOPP] They're seriously gonna
let us keep all that treasure?!
[CHOPPER]
Cool!
[FRANKY]
That's pretty generous!
Do you think Luffy and the
others are all right, Nami?
I'm so worried.
[NAMI]
Eh, they're fine.
We're gonna be
fancy rich pirates now!
Whoo!
It sounds nice,
but something tells me
this is too good to be true.
[CHOPPER]
Hey, Usopp!
Why don't we go look for
the treasure thief, too?
[USOPP]
Uhh, how about no?
I found out that guy's
bounty is over 200 million,
so he's not gonna be
an easy target.
[CHOPPER] Whoa!
And mine's only 50 berries.
[LUFFY]
Hey, Zoro, Sanji, check it out!
Easiest treasure hunt ever!
[SANJI] That one punch
knocked him out cold.
I almost feel bad for him.
[ZORO] And he left all this
loot sitting out in the open.
[SANJI] Neptune's gonna
let us keep all this?
Guess he really is
as goofy as he looks.
Awesome!
How much meat do you
think this'll buy?
[ZORO] To think his body
could hold all this.
I mean, I know he's made
of sludge, but still.
[ALL grunting]
[LUFFY, ZORO, SANJI]
One, two, three!
[ALL groan]
[LUFFY] Let's take it
back to the palace!
[ZORO]
How?
[SANJI]
We need a flying fish.
[LUFFY]
Which way to town, Zoro?
[ZORO]
That way.
[SANJI] Or we could always
run off with the loot.
[ZORO]
What?
[LUFFY laughs]
[PEKOMS]
Well, Minister of the Left?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Please have mercy, Mr. Pekoms!
Hordy and his crew
attacked the factory,
and now we don't
have any candy left!
[PEKOMS] And what makes any
of that our problem? Grr!
You're supposed to pay
us in candy each month
in exchange for
using Mama's name!
Don't tell me you've forgotten
about our little agreement?
And I was planning on taking
some sweets for myself,
which means now I'm
mad and hungry! Grrr!
We've done business
with you for a long time,
so I hate to say this, but...
...I don't think I
need to remind you
how scary Mama can be
when she's angry.
She'll kill you!
[CROWD]
Look at those cute little eyes.
[PEKOMS]
You'd better pay up! Right now!
[LUFFY]
Huh? What's goin' on?
[LUFFY] Hey, this is the candy
factory Pappagu told me about!
[ZORO]
Yeah?
Hopefully we can find a
flying fish around here.
This must be the
place where they make
that candy I like so much!
Hey, guys!
Are you gonna give us
the grand tour?
[CROWD]
Huh?
[FISHMAN D]
Ho, ho! Straw Hat Luffy!
Omigod, hi!
Like, is the banquet over?
Luffy? Why is he here?
Uh-huh! Dude,
I totally pigged out, too!
Fishman Island's got all
kinds of delicious food,
but that candy was unbelievable!
[ALL gasp]
[PEKOMS]
Grr. What's that?
[CROWD]
Shhh! Shh!
Whoa, whoa, ixnay
on the andy-cay!
[RANDOM FISHMAN 471D]
Don't say anything!
Oh! Hey, it's Mr. Catfish.
What are you up to?
He said candy!
Just who is this guy?
[PEKOMS] Huh. That's Straw
Hat Luffy, no doubt about it.
He's got no business here.
He's a pirate, right?
Well, sir, you see...
Listen here, kid!
Tell me what candy
you're talking about!
I can explain,
Mr. Pekoms! Actually--
Hey, I don't know you.
You're not a Fishman.
Are you here for sweets, too?
I'm right there with you, buddy,
I can't get enough
of 'em either!
You what?!
All right, that's it.
Did that brat just say
what I think he said? Huh?!
Well, uh... I assure you
there's an explanation.
Awesome! I've never
seen a talking lion!
Eh, it's no big deal. We have
a fluffy animal guy, too.
Achoo!
Gesundheit! Are you sick?
Ugh, no. Guess someone's
talking about me.
That's just silly.
Huh. Sorry, but it's kinda
hard to take you seriously.
What'd you say, pal?
I'll make you regret that! Grrr!
[chuckles, laughs]
Don't laugh at me! You little--
[TAMAGO]
Pekoms.
Uh--
[TAMAGO] Threatening this
monsieur will not bring us
any closer to the
sweets, mon frère.
[TAMAGO] The tea party
is in four days.
Let us try to avoid a faux pas.
If we have to wait here until
morning, well, c'est la vie!
[LUFFY]
You're just as weird as he is!
What's your name?
[TAMAGO] Bonjour et enchante,
mes amies pirates!
Je suis Baron Tamago.
I am pleased to make
your acquaintance!
Uh, Tamago?
[TAMAGO chuckles]
Huh?
[TAMAGO]
Oui!
Take care to remember
my name, s'il vous plait.
[sighs]
Now, excusez-moi, monsieurs.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Am I to comprend that
you have devoured
all the sweets in the factory,
my little bon vivant?
Did you get that?
Yup, that was me.
I could go for some
more right about now!
Unfortunately, the candies
have met their denouement.
[TAMAGO]
Attents!
That is the Jolly Roger of
our boss, Charlotte Linlin,
also known as Big Mom
of the Four Emperors.
That symbol indicates
that this island
is Mama's territory, d'accord?
You see, Mama owns the place,
which means Fishman Island
is under Big Mom's protection!
That's a nice thing to do!
I like your boss already!
Kind'a weird name, though.
Au contraire, mon amie.
This is a business deal.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
We allow them the
protection of our mark.
And in exchange,
they have to pay Mama
ten tons of sweets every month.
That's a lot!
[TAMAGO]
Oui, monsieur.
There is nothing in this world
Mama loves more than sweets.
Mama says sweets
from Fishman Island
are the crème de la
crème, you know. Ha!
Pay up tomorrow
and we will bid you adieu.
I-I'm sorry, sir,
but I told you before.
The machinery used to make
the candy was badly damaged.
It'll take us at least two
weeks to make the repairs!
We won't be ready tomorrow.
That is not our
probléme, monsieur.
Hey, Fancy!
Why can't you just wait a while?
Yeah, and why doesn't
your boss have the balls
to come talk to us himself?
He's one of the
Four Emperors, isn't he?
Where are your manners?
Our leader happens
to be a madam pirate,
and a fearsome one at that!
That said, I do not think
Mama has "the balls."
It's a girl?
That's different, then.
I love sweets.
I just can't resist the things!
And I really love men
who can make them.
Uh-- Anyway, what if your boss
lady doesn't get her candy?
[TAMAGO]
In that case...
Voila! The deal is off!
The Big Mom Pirates
will attack en masse,
and you can say so long and bon
soir to this island miserable!
You wanna destroy the island?
How crazy can you be?
You can't do that over
some stupid candies!
I won't let you! We just
saved this place, you know!
[BIG MOM laughing]
[BIG MOM PIRATE A]
You seem so happy, Mama.
[BIG MOM] Yes, it's only
four days until the tea party.
I can hardly wait!
I'll finally be able to taste
those delectable candies
from Fishman Island!
I'm so excited,
my stomach is already
producing all the
acid I'll need!
[BIG MOM PIRATES]
Candy! Candy!
Fishman Island Candy!
[BIG MOM]
I see you are all excited, too.
[BIG MOM PIRATES]
Of course, Mama!
That's the best candy there is!
Then wait for them
in my stomach,
because that's where
they're all going to go!
[BIG MOM PIRATES gasping]
[roars]
--[chomping]
--[BIG MOM PIRATES screaming]
[laughing]
[BOBBIN]
Mama! I'm home now!
[BIG MOM] Oh, Bobbin.
How did your mission go?
I set the whole place on fire!
That's wonderful to hear!
That country's baked goods
were the best in the world.
I bet it smelled so
delicious as it burned.
It's a shame we had to do it,
but they should've
honored our agreement.
Can I have a snack?
[BIG MOM]
If they can't pay in sweets,
they pay with their lives.
[giggles]
[BIG MOM] If there's
one thing I can't stand,
it's a broken promise.
That, and bitter
candy, of course.
Oh, that reminds me!
Apparently, Fishman Island can't
send their payment right now.
[BIG MOM]
Hmm?!
[BOBBIN] Pekoms just
told me all about it.
Should I burn that down, too?
[BIG MOM growls]
[BIG MOM]
I want my Fishman Island sweets!
Get those fools on the
Transponder Snail, now!
You wanna destroy
Fishman Island?
Are you guys out of your minds?
You can't do that over
some stupid candies!
I won't let you! We just
saved this place, you know!
[SANJI gasps]
Sacre bleu, I cannot
believe my ears.
Their brains must be scrambled,
like eggs in an omelette!
This is quite a unique
coup-de-theatre.
What ever are we
to do with them?
[ringing]
[BOTH gasp]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 571A ringing]
I already told Mama, grr!
She's probably calling
in to check on us!
Really? No! Not Big Mom,
she's scary!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 571A ringing]
[ringing]
Pekoms, s'il vous plait?
You talk to her, egg head!
She isn't gonna
like this at all.
[ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 571A]
Cuh-lick!
Yeah, what's up?
--Non!
--Grr!
[BIG MOM]
Hmmm?
[CROWD gasps]
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT gasps]
Who is this?
It's Big Mom, right?
[TAMAGO, PEKOMS]
What are you doing? Stop!
[BIG MOM] You don't sound
like Tamago or Pekoms.
Who is this?
My name is Monkey D. Luffy!
Soon-to-be King of the Pirates!
[TAMAGO, PEKOMS gasp]
Was all that really necessary?
Oh no, Luffy!
[FISHMAN H]
Nice going.
[BIG MOM]
Monkey D.?
Ah. So you must be
Garp's grandson.
I remember you, young man.
You're the little
upstart who interfered
with the war two years ago.
There's no more candy!
[BIG MOM]
Huh?!
They can't send you any!
[BIG MOM]
So I heard correctly.
They're supposed
to have ten tons!
Well I ate it all!
It's gone now!
[BIG MOM yells]
You didn't have to
tell her that!
What did he just say?
[PEKOMS gasps]
[gasps]
[BIG MOM] Don't you lie
to me, you stupid child!
You'd better not be covering
for those weak Fishmen.
I'm not lying, it was all me!
I didn't know they were
supposed to be for you.
[LUFFY grunts]
I'll make you a deal.
We've got a bunch of treasure.
If I give it to you,
then can we call it even?
[BOTH]
Seriously?
[BIG MOM]
What?
I can't eat gold
and diamonds, can I?
Sweets are the only treasures
that mean anything to me!
Une minute, monsieur!
Are those really
full of treasure?
Yeah, they are.
[gasps]
Pardon moi, Mama.
Let's think about it, no?
Zut alors!
Only a few short days ago,
that enfant terrible Captain Kid
took down deux of our allies'
vessels, nest'que pas?
Kid what now?
[SANJI] You know,
that rookie we met at Sabaody
who's worth a hundred million!
It was a disaster!
We suffered a major
financial setback
and we could certainly stand
the monetary assistance!
I know candies are your raison
d'etre, but if you ask moi,
the best option is to
accept the treasure
en lieu of the sweets
payment for now.
You'll only have to
wait a couple of weeks
to collect your
confections, d'accord?
If you really want
something sweet,
we can always pick up some
bonbons for you on the way back!
[BIG MOM]
Huh?
[BIG MOM] Do you even
hear yourself, Tamago?
How could you even suggest
something like that?
What kind of poor
excuse for a pirate
compromises on
what she wants most?
Oui! P-Please forgive me, Mama!
Be that as it may.
[laughs]
This insolent pirate who ate
all my sweets intrigues me.
Forget Fishman Island.
Now that you've chosen
to go against me,
I'll just have to get my
revenge on you instead!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI sighs] Luffy and the
others should be back by now.
[NAMI]
Hm?
I have a bad feeling, Nami.
What if they're hurt?
You're right, it is
taking them a long time.
What did those goofballs
get themselves into now?
If they come back without that
treasure, it will not be pretty.
[BIG MOM]
Well then, Monkey D. Luffy.
Now that I know who you are,
come here.
Let's chat in the New World!
[CROWD gasps]
She means to kill him!
Sure thing. Be there soon.
I've got something I need
to settle with you, too.
[BIG MOM]
Hm?
I like this island.
It's too risky to
trust you with it!
Once I get there,
I'm gonna kick your ass.
And then I'll make
Fishman Island my territory!
[BIG MOM growling]
[BIG MOM]
Little brat!
[NARRATOR] The crisis of Fishman
Island is averted for now,
but a secret hidden inside
their royal treasure,
the Tamate Box,
may cause trouble with Big Mom
when Luffy reaches
the New World.
However, she is but
one of many foes
that the Straw Hats
have to worry about.
An old adversary has
made a move to new waters
and it's only a matter of time
until they're forced
to face off again.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Many Problems Lie Ahead!
A Trap Awaiting
in the New World!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!